and what if this isn't Jerry what if
this is all there is to our life you
want to have a plan why do I have to be
the responsible grown-up who worries I
can't I need a cute carefree Irish guy
who sings all the time you can't sing
without making dogs bark last I'm not
going anywhere
cherry Kennedy's life may be over but he
lives forever in our hearts I hope you
all right if I never leave my apartment
till I'm old I have a plan I've written
you letters letters that will be coming
to you all sorts of ways now you must do
what I say okay from the producer of The
Devil Wears Prada you're still here I
still feel you around my dear baby he
gave her the gift I hereby free you
Jerry planned the trip her Island of a
life without him make sure my baby has a
good time I want you to take her fishing
together is crazy so just go out and
celebrate tonight love there are you
single yes are you gay
are you working No
see I don't worry about you remembering
me life it changed as I knew it
and now it's changed again look just
walk a demure woodwind Hilary Swank
Jared Cutler
Lisa Kudrow Harry Connick jr. mr. Sean
Jeffrey D Morton and Academy Award
winner Cathy babe like Jerry's guiding
me you think that's silly I wish I had
someone dead telling me what to do
you
yes I love you